for too long we've had to deal with
horrible video games such as call of
duty battlefield ty the tasmanian tiger
well i'm not standing for it anymore
this cannot be we have to come up with
amazing new video games and this is why
i'm hosting amazing video game ideas
don't let the title fool you folks all
of these ideas are one hundred percent
amazing
first video game idea pigeon pump you
start up as Dirk a pigeon who's lost his
collectible Garfield bicycle pump and
you have to wait through thousands and
thousands of multicolored bicycle pumps
to get to your beloved Garfield bicycle
pump by the time you get to your
Garfield the cat bicycle pump it kills
you you have to play a three hour
campaign as the bicycle pump this video
game will come with skins downloadable
for your pigeon and bicycle pump as well
as a downloadable beak market you have
to actually pay for access to the market
and pay for every additional beak now
you see your bicycle pump is controlled
by v three key and v- three key yes you
have to hold the hyphen down to move the
other direction and your pigeon is not
actually controlled by the WASD keys no
he is controlled by his chainsaw wings
which go wherever way they want to go
you have to use the power of thought to
control your pigeon
next game idea is army wife rescue
simulator version 1 point 0 you play as
John every man a man whose wife has been
kidnapped by terrorists robot terrorists
John however does not use things that
most military action heroes use like
guns or crossbows er laser guns or laser
crossbows instead John chooses to use
everyday household objects such as his
trusty egg timer now to pick up any of
the thousands of other weapons laying
around in the game you have to pay fifty
cents every time you pick one of them up
multiplayer modes will include take out
the trash and make love to your wife
also maybe some team deathmatch or some
fucking capture the flag bullshit
now the next game idea I have for you is
going to be called who burped the baby
it is a detective style game in which
you have to figure out who burped the
baby your character will only be
equipped with his limited edition
Sasquatch magnifying glass and an empty
can of dr pepper now they're going to be
over 40,000 levels and over 900,000
characters 90,000 of these characters
are going to be babies your character
has to figure out who burped the baby
why that baby was burped and why the
baby is the leader of a national
terrorist organization have fun
the fourth and final video game idea I
have for you today is going to be called
Barry the bear bear it's a game in which
you play a naked bear named Barry and
you have to go around humping trees
catching the honey as it falls out of
the trees now you're not actually
controlling the bear you'll be
controlling the leaves of the trees
flying down and hitting berry your goal
is to kill Barry before he kills you
that's a game is really awesome thank
you for watching amazing video game
ideas please come rate subscribe and
check out some of my other videos you
might like them alright have a great day
a good evening and a good morning and a
good of everything